>> Bianca: So we're gonna hop into
our next exercise which is going
to be you writing your own
recursive factorial method.
You can reference the past
slides if you'd like on
factorial, but
try not to copy the recursive solution.
I recommend looking at the iterative
solution, maybe looking at the slide where
it's like, this is the pattern, but not
copying directly the factorial solution.
You might find that hearing
me talk about it is,
feels very different than
actually implementing it.
So I wanna give you that experience
of the two differences there.
There is a false sense of progress,
when you hear someone talking about
a concept, especially around programming.
And it feels like, I got it,
the way she explains seems like, easy.
But it's a whole different experience when
you have to implement it from scratch, and
you need to reason through
every line of code.
So my advice is to not write some code,
run it.
Write some code, run it, and see what
happens, but instead make sure that you're
paying attention to every line
of code that you're writing.
Maybe even play the call
set game with yourself.
I actually do that when I get stuck
on something, especially recursion.
I play the call set game with myself,
just to see that I'm reasoning correctly
about how my code is executing.
So, with Task 1 do that, and
then, if you have time, and
for our more advanced people,
you can combine this with your memo
function that we wrote earlier, and
you can memoize your factorial.
Cuz the factorial is doing
a lot of repeated calculations.
And you can just pass it to your
memo function, or you can use your
memo function in a creative way
to cache your factorial results.